The error you're encountering in `functions3.js` is due to calling `call_me()`
without providing the required `num` parameter, which leads to a `TypeError`
because the function expects a number. Since the instruction specifies not to
change the function call (`call_me()`), the solution involves adjusting the
function definition to handle cases where it is called without an argument.

### Hint on Default Parameter:

In JavaScript, functions can be designed to provide default values for
parameters that are not explicitly passed by the caller. This feature can be
particularly useful for handling cases where you want to ensure your function
behaves predictively even when some arguments are omitted.

- **Default Parameter Syntax:** You can specify a default value for a parameter
directly in the function's signature. This is done by using the assignment
operator (`=`) followed by the default value right after the parameter name.

- **Applying to `call_me`:** Given that `call_me` should not throw a `TypeError`
when called without arguments, consider what default value for `num` would make
sense in the context of the function's purpose. The default value should be a
number, considering the type checks present in the function.

Reflect on how you can modify the signature of `call_me` to include a default
value for `num` that aligns with the function's logic and prevents errors when
`num` is not provided. This approach will allow the function to execute smoothly
even when called without an argument, as seen in `main()`.

### Hint on Function Arity:

In JavaScript, the arity of a function refers to the number of arguments it
expects or accepts. It's an important concept to understand when designing and
working with functions, as it impacts how the function can be called and how it
handles missing or extra arguments.

- **Fixed Arity:** A function with fixed arity expects a specific number of
arguments. If the function is called with a different number of arguments than
what is defined, it can lead to errors or unexpected behavior. In the case of
`functions2.js`, the `call_me` function has a fixed arity of 1, as it expects a
single `num` parameter.

- **Variadic Functions:** JavaScript also supports variadic functions, which can
accept a variable number of arguments. These functions use the `arguments`
object or rest parameters (`...args`) to handle a flexible number of arguments.
However, in the context of `functions2.js`, the goal is to modify the function
signature without changing its implementation, so variadic functions are not
applicable here.

- **Handling Missing Arguments:** When a function with fixed arity is called
with fewer arguments than expected, the missing arguments are assigned the value
`undefined`. This is why the `call_me` function currently throws a `TypeError`
when called without an argument - it checks for `undefined` and throws an error.

To address the issue in `functions2.js`, consider how you can modify the
function signature to handle the case where `num` is not provided, while still
maintaining the function's arity and its expected behavior. Reflect on how
default parameters, as mentioned in the previous hint, can be used to achieve
this without changing the function's implementation.
